Update README.md (#190)
salt-extensions/extension_migration: README.md

```bash
cd saltext-apache

> git init # If you are not using git < 2.28, it will default to the branch being "master" instead of "main" - you won't be able to change it until after you do a commit.

Reviewer: **issue (blocking):** let's put this as a note below the commands. recent versions should handle this just fine, so we're really addressing an edge case.

Author: sounds good, though I was on git 2.43 and it still doesn't default to naming it to main, but tells you how to. How do you want to deal with that?

Reviewer: It won't _default_ to using main, but the command shown before your edit will succeed. We just need a note box below the commands shown here to address the edge case. "If you encounter an error with the init command, it's likely due to..."

```bash
cd saltext-apache
git init 
touch requirements/{changelog,dev,docs,docs-auto,lint,tests}.txt
pip install pre-commit # may not need to be done again if in a pre-existing virtual environment
pre-commit install
git add .
git commit -m "Initial commit of extension framework"
```
> *You may need to `pip install` `git-filter-repo` and `pylint`.

> > If you are not using git < 2.28, it will default to the branch being "master" instead of "main" - you won't be able to change it until after you do a commit.

Reviewer: **issue (blocking):** it's my understanding that the main problem with version below that mark is the lack of support for the `initial-branch` option provided in the commands above

```suggestion
> If you are using git < 2.28, the `initial-branch` option is not present and `git init` will default to the branch being "master" instead of "main". Note that you won't be able to change it with `git branch -m master main` until after your first commit.
```
